# [⏪ Sign Student Pledge](/README.md)

![dude-be-nice](/assets/dude-be-nice.png)

And girls? “Dude” is a non-gender-specific term, so yeah, you are
included. “Dude, be nice.” That's the pledge, (which we [borrowed
a bit](https://www.dudebenice.com/)). But case you were wondering
all of the following fall in the "be nice" category:

Let’s start with the obvious things to do to be nice.

## [⏫ Do: Help People Out](#)

It is nice and it helps you master it as well.

## [⏫ Do: Arrive on Time](#)

We open the doors 10 minutes before class. There is so little class
time as it is. It robs from everyone when you are late.

## [⏫ Do: Leave on Time](#)

We only have 15 minutes between classes. If you do not leave on
time you not only steal time from the instructor and staff but cause
complications for the group coming in.

## [⏫ Do: Be Authentic](#)

Do your own work. Be your own person. Don’t be ashamed of who you
are, unless who you are is someone who steals and lies.

## [⏫ Do: Be Respectful](#)

Being respectful means you see the humanity and student-hood in
those around you and honor your instructors, no matter how old or
young. Having fun and joking around have limits. Learn what they are.

## [⏫ Do: Take Responsibility](#)

Your actions are your own, period. No one made you do anything.
Look less for others to blame and more toward how you could have
helped even if you think it is completely someone else’s fault.
Speak for yourself. Send your own email questions. Learn to be
independent. It’s the nice thing to do.

## [⏫ Don’t: Touch Another’s Computer](#)

Even if you think it will be funny *do not do it.* All too often code is lost, and computers or students are damaged.

## [⏫ Don’t: Change *Anything* on a Computer](#)

This includes background, passwords, login shells and more. If you
are working on a project to work on computers for SkilStak™ you
will already know it and have asked. When in doubt ask.

## [⏫ Don’t: Steal Information](#)

Accessing or attempting to access any information from any other
student or staff member without their consent including code, art,
passwords, or other personal information—even if they left their
computer wide open and unsecured—will get you immediately dismissed
from the school as well as possible prosecution.

> 💬 Be very careful here. What you might think is a harmless prank
> can get you immediately kicked out and very possibly prosecuted.
> This is because even the appearance of violating information and
> privacy laws puts reflects on everyone at SkilStak™, staff and students.

## [⏫ Don’t: Touch Other People](#)

The definition of assault is simply touching another person without
their consent. Don’t take the chance. Don’t touch anyone while at
SkilStak™.

## [⏫ Don’t: Bully](#)

Even joking around about bullying will get you a strike. It’s just
not funny, ever.

## [⏫ Don’t: Disrespect](#)

Even subtly disrespecting others including your friends, parents,
other students, and your instructor will get you a well-deserved
strike. Error on the side of caution.

## [⏫ Don’t: Criticize](#)

Sometimes critiquing someone’s code is requested and wanted but
usually unless someone asks for your opinion it is best not to say
anything, not even imply it. If you don’t like someone’ Minecraft
build, code, art or more save your input until they ask for it,
period. When they do ask, be respectful, specific, open and honest.

## [⏫ Don’t: Use Hate](#)

Using hate speech, symbols (including Swastikas), or inappropriate
language, jokes, or references. Keep everything rated G

## [⏫ Don’t: Willful Destroy Stuff or Litter](#)

This includes repeatedly leaving trash around and—omg, leaving gum
under the chairs and tables.

## [⏫ Don’t: Think You are the Exception](#)

If this becomes clear after you have already received a strike it
automatically becomes a second strike. We do not tolerate those who
somehow have come to believe they are above the rules the others
have come to appreciate for the atmosphere they bring.

## [⏫ Do: Sign](#)

Sign this pledge by creating an issue in your workbook titled
*Student Pledge* with “I agree” as a comment. Your location manager
will acknowledge and close it during your IDP discussion.

---
[![home](/assets/home-blue.png)](/README.md)
[![cc-by-sa](/assets/cc-by-sa-blue.png)][cc-by-sa]
[![skilstak](/assets/skilstak-logo-blue.png)][skilstak]
[![donate](/assets/donate-blue.png)][donate]
[cc-by-sa]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
[skilstak]: http://skilstak.io
[donate]: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=LJ7K7DYY35R8Q


